What do you think about the visualisations that the speaker used to present his insights? Which one is your favorite?

My favorite visualization was the slide showing the average number of minutes a speaker should talk in order to make a successful presentation. His findings were quite surprising to me, as his conclusion is that the most successful talks are the ones that tend to last longer than the average, depending on the covered topics. According to his slide, the most liked talk labeled as fascinating lasts 4 more minutes than the least liked "fascinating" talk. 
The exceptions to this rule make sense to me. The funniest jokes are the shortest ones, so it seems obvious that the most liked funny talk is almost 2 minutes shorter than the least liked one. Same for the 2 other categories. If something is really beautiful, it doesn't take one much time to assess it, and if something is ingenious, then one should not need much time to explain it.

What's your opinion about the speech? Did he get his point across?

overall, the average most-liked talks are about very random topics. I think the TedPad presented at the end probably wouldn't make much sense if someone tried to use it. He agreegated data and created vizualision that doesn't say much. It seems "french" and "coffee" are recurrent words founds in the most popular talks, but there's no reasons why talking about "french coffee" would be super interesting to people. This part sounded a bit absurd.
the slide about bad words and good words / expression to use seems less relevant and maybe a bit biased / inconsistent. It's ok to talk about food ethics, but not ok to talk about animals, even though food ethics is often related to vegetarian and vegan diets. Also, it's positive to talk about people, but negative to talk about men. Several classfications seem to be paradoxical.

Was the presentation about a trascendental topic? Did it keep you glued to the screen?

No it was not transcendental, but I was interested in seeing where the speaker would end up. The talk is short enough to keep my attention all along. At the same time, he contradicted himself a bit by saying the best talks are the longest ones, and by finishing his in just 5 minutes.

Is there anything you think the speaker missed, something he could improve or do yo have some to-do ideas for him?

The speaker threw data at us without providing much context or quantifiers at all . In the end, we don't know the difference in likes between the most liked and the least liked videos. Maybe the least liked video still has an approval rating of 80%, which would be bar from a flop. I'd make the same remark for the good/bad words. What does it mean to say that talking about "New York Times" will make your talk disliked ? What's the correlation ? 
